Clean up of the definitions (#83)
decentralized-identity/jwt-vc-presentation-profile: spec/spec.md

## Abstract

The JWT VC Presentation Profile defines a set of requirements against existing specifications to enable the interoperable presentation of [[ref:Verifiable Credentials]] (VCs) between ref: Wallets and ref: Verifiers.

> 

Reviewer: remove these changes? since you update them in another PR and the ref: got weird here.

Author: i'll take care of this when merging all PRs

[[def: OpenID Provider (OP)]]
~ OAuth 2.0 Authentication Server implementing [[ref:OIDC]] and [[ref:OpenID4VP]]

[[def: Presentation]] 
~ Data derived from one or more verifiable credentials, issued by one or more issuers, that is shared with a verifier

[[def: Relying Party (RP)]]
~ OAuth 2.0 Client application using [[ref:OIDC]] and [[ref:OpenID4VP]] in [[ref:SIOPv2]]. Synonymous with term
  [[ref:Verifier]] in [[ref: VC Data Model]]

[[def:Request Object]]
~ JWT that contains a set of request parameters as its [[ref:Claims]]
  
[[def:Self Issued OpenID Provider (Self-Issued OP)]]  
~ An OpenID Provider (OP) used by an [[ref:End User]] to prove control over a cryptographically verifiable identifier such as a DID.

[[def: Verifiable Credential (VC)]]
~ A set of one or more [[ref:Claims]] made by an issuer that is tamper-evident and has authorship that can be cryptographically
  verified.

[[def: Verifiable Presentation (VP)]] 
~ A [[ref:Presentation]] that is tamper-evident and has authorship that can be cryptographically verified

[[def: Verifier]]

> ~ An entity that receives one or more Verifiable Credential inside a Verifiable Presentation for processing. During presentation of Credentials, Verifier acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client towards the Wallet that is acting as an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server. The Verifier is a specific case of OAuth 2.0 Client, just like Relying Party (RP) in [@OpenID.Core].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~ An entity that receives one or more Verifiable Credentials inside a Verifiable Presentation for processing. During presentation of Credentials, Verifier acts as an OAuth 2.0 Client towards the Wallet that is acting as an OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server. The Verifier is a specific case of OAuth 2.0 Client, just like Relying Party (RP) in [[ref: OpenID Connect Core].
```

[[def: Issuer]]

> ~ An entity that issues Verifiable Credentials.

Reviewer: necessary since we dont discuss issuance?

Reviewer: ah yes good point
